# 🗓️ Developer Log – 2025-09-26 - 2025-09-28

## 🛠 What I Worked On
- I finished neetcode's ThreeSum and container with most water 
- I finished building the student analytics page off of my coworker's branch. The types were not consistent between the two branches so I did some work cleaning up the types and making them more modular. 
- I checked in with the Frontend B team and we were able to come up with a strategy for merging the changes between the analytics page and the dashboard with minimal conflicts
- I cleaned up the repository by moving folders related to the source of the project to the src folder
- I worked on adding my PRDs to the project as well so that we have a clear understanding of what tasks were run to build the analytics page and dashboard. 

## 📚 What I Learned
- I learned about Next.js router 
- Revisited prefetching and learned how to apply this to the project when moving from one page to another page 
- dynamic routes in Next.js and how to access params from the route url properly 

## ✅ What Went Well
- Scheduling time earlier in the week to meet with the team to discuss our changes and strategy 
- When it came to neetcode, pseudo coding earlier in the day helped me to get some deep work in on the train and during lunch breaks so I feel that I learned more this week than I did last week 
- Dedicating a night to only working on ticket work and nothing else was very helpful when it came to getting more deep work time in and not getting distracted with other tasks. I scheduled time on Saturday to review all of the code that was written and come up with strategies to clean up the dashboard and analytics feature.
- I felt more confident working with Cursor and not letting it just spit out code when I was working more closely with it on Saturday. I was able to look closely at some of the patterns it was using and would like to move a lot of the functions it wrote into another file. I am noting that cursor is very function heavy. I think some of the onclick functions can be consolidated and could be more reusable. 

## 🚧 What Blocked Me
- I  was not able to check in with anyone from the back end team so I am concerned that the types I built will become redundant. That's okay, but I think my code could be more valuable if I knew what kind of data we would actually have access to. Right now the data.ts file is very bloated and it's because me and Emily had to make assumptions about what information would be needed for the dashboard and the analytics page. 

## 🔜 Next Steps
- Work on debugging my code for the data visualization feature and get feedback from my team tomorrow morning. 

## 📝 Notes / Reflections
- I want to spend some time exploring how I can make progress during the day and how I can make more time for deep work during the week. During the weekends I can do that, but I want to be able to code every day and internalize this information over time, not just cram on Saturdays. I am going to start putting my dev log into a single document for the sake of time, but I want to find a better way of logging my activity during the week. Everything moves so fast that it's hard for me to keep track of what I did and when sometimes, so I need to start using my notebook during my study sessions or use a separate app. 
- I want to make more time for building connections during the weekends. I kind of just go from work to my home to get work done but it's preventing me from going to networking events and building new connections/ making new friends. It's been really great getting back in touch with some of the people I met during code and coffee, but not making it to some of the events afterwards is a bit lame and I'd like to be able to connect with people and share my progress. 
- I want to schedule coworking with friends, but I need to figure out how to keep our sessions focused but also valuable for the people I'm coworking with. 